Terms of Service

NextLabs Master Subscription Agreement
THIS AGREEMENT GOVERNS YOUR ACQUISITION AND USE OF OUR SERVICES.

IF YOU REGISTER FOR A FREE TRIAL FOR OUR SERVICES, THE APPLICABLE PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT WILL ALSO GOVERN THAT FREE TRIAL.

BY ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT, EITHER BY CLICKING A BOX INDICATING YOUR ACCEPTANCE OR BY EXECUTING AN ORDER FORM THAT REFERENCES THIS AGREEMENT, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. PLEASE REVIEW THESE TERMS CAREFULLY. ONCE ACCEPTED, THESE TERMS BECOME A BINDING LEGAL CONTRACT BETWEEN YOU AND NEXTLABS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS, YOU SHOULD NOT CLICK THE “I ACCEPT” BOX OR EXECUTE THE ORDER FORM AND YOU SHOULD NOT USE NEXTLABS’ SERVICES. IF YOU ARE ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY OR OTHER LEGAL ENTITY, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO BIND SUCH ENTITY AND ITS AFFILIATES TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, IN WHICH CASE THE TERMS “YOU” OR “YOUR” SHALL REFER TO SUCH ENTITY AND ITS AFFILIATES. IF YOU DO NOT HAVE SUCH AUTHORITY, OR IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOU MUST NOT ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT AND MAY NOT USE THE SERVICES.

You may not access the Services if You are Our direct competitor, except with Our prior written consent. In addition, You may not access the Services for purposes of monitoring their availability, performance or functionality, or for any other benchmarking or competitive purposes.

This Agreement was last updated on August 29, 2017. It is effective between You and Us as of the date of You accepting this Agreement.

1. DEFINITIONS

“Affiliate” means any entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the subject entity. “Control,” for purposes of this definition, means direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 50% of the voting interests of the subject entity.

“Agreement” means this Master Subscription Agreement.

“Beta Services” means NextLabs services or functionality that may be made available to Customer to try at its option at no additional charge which is clearly designated as beta, pilot, limited release, developer preview, non-production, evaluation, or by a similar description.

“Content” means information obtained by NextLabs from publicly available sources or third party content providers and made available to Customer through the Services, Beta Services or pursuant to an Order Form, as more fully described in the Documentation.

“Documentation” means the applicable Service’s documentation, and its usage guides. privacy policy and policies, as updated from time to time, accessible via help.nextlabs.com or login to the applicable Service.

“Malicious Code” means code, files, scripts, agents or programs intended to do harm, including, for example, viruses, worms, time bombs and Trojan horses.

“Non-NextLabs Application” means a Web-based, mobile, offline or other software application functionality that is provided by You or a third party and interoperates with a Service, including, for example, an application that is developed by or for You.

“Order Form” means an ordering document or online order specifying the Services to be provided hereunder that is entered into between You and Us or any of Our Affiliates or strategic partners, including any addenda and supplements thereto. By entering into an Order Form hereunder, an Affiliate agrees to be bound by the terms of this Agreement as if it were an original party hereto.

“Purchased Services” means Services that You or Your Affiliate purchase under an Order Form or other ordering document, as distinguished from those provided pursuant to a free trial.

“Services” means the NextLabs subscription products and services that are ordered by You under an Order Form or provided to You under a free trial, and made available online by Us, including associated NextLabs offline or mobile components, as described in the Documentation. “Services” exclude Content and Non-NextLabs Applications.

“User” means an individual who is authorized by You to use a Service, for whom You have purchased a subscription (or in the case of any Services provided by Us without charge, for whom a Service has been provisioned), and to whom You (or, when applicable, Us at Your request) have supplied a user identification and password (for Services utilizing authentication). Users may include, for example, Your employees, consultants, contractors and agents, and third parties with which You transact business.

“We,” “Us” or “Our” means NextLabs, Inc.

“You” or “Your” means the company or other legal entity for which you are accepting this Agreement, and Affiliates of that company or entity which have signed Order Forms.

“Your Data” means electronic data and information submitted by or for Customer to the Services, excluding Content and Non-NextLabs Applications.

2. FREE TRIAL

If You register on Our website for a free trial, We will make one or more Services available to You on a trial basis free of charge until the earlier of (a) the end of the free trial period for which You registered to use the applicable Service(s), or (b) the start date of any Purchased Service subscriptions ordered by You for such Service(s), or (c) termination by Us in our sole discretion. Additional trial terms and conditions may appear on the trial registration web page. Any such additional terms and conditions are incorporated into this Agreement by reference and are legally binding.

ANY DATA YOU ENTER INTO THE SERVICES, AND ANY CUSTOMIZATIONS MADE TO THE SERVICES BY OR FOR YOU, DURING YOUR FREE TRIAL WILL BE PERMANENTLY LOST UNLESS YOU PURCHASE A SUBSCRIPTION TO THE SAME SERVICES AS THOSE COVERED BY THE TRIAL, PURCHASE APPLICABLE UPGRADED SERVICES, OR EXPORT SUCH DATA, BEFORE THE END OF THE TRIAL PERIOD.

NOTWITHSTANDING SECTION 9 (REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES AND DISCLAIMERS), DURING THE FREE TRIAL THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS-IS” WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY.

Please review the Documentation during the trial period so that You become familiar with the features and functions of the Services before You make Your purchase.

3. OUR RESPONSIBILITIES

3.1. Provision of Purchased Services. We will (a) make the Services and Content available to You pursuant to this Agreement and the applicable Order Forms, (b) provide applicable NextLabs support for the Services to You as set forth in an applicable Order Form, (c) use commercially reasonable efforts to make the online Services available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, except for: (i) planned downtime (of which We shall give advance electronic notice as provided in the Documentation), and (ii) any unavailability caused by circumstances beyond Our reasonable control, including, for example, an act of God, act of government, flood, fire, earthquake, civil unrest, act of terror, strike or other labor problem (other than one involving Our employees), Internet service provider failure or delay, Non-NextLabs Application, or denial of service attack.

3.2. Protection of Your Data. We will maintain administrative, physical, and technical safeguards for protection of the security, confidentiality and integrity of Your Data while we host it, as described in the Documentation. Those safeguards will include, but will not be limited to, measures for preventing access, use, modification or disclosure of Your Data by Our personnel except (a) to provide the Purchased Services and prevent or address service or technical problems, (b) as compelled by law in accordance with Section 8.3 (Compelled Disclosure) below, or (c) as You expressly permit in writing. Your Order Form shall specify how long We will host your Data. Where Your use of the Services includes the processing of personal data (as described in the EU Data Protection Directive 95/46/EC) within the European Economic Area (EEA), except in respect of any usage during a Free Trial, the terms of the data processing addendum (“DPA”) shall apply to such processing, and are hereby incorporated by reference. For the purposes of the Standard Contractual Clauses in Schedule 3 to the DPA, You are the data exporter, and Your acceptance of this Agreement shall be treated as Your signature of the Standard Contractual Clauses and appendices.

3.3. Retention of Your Data. We will retain Your Data within the Service for a period of 90 days at no charge as described in the Documentation. After that 90-day period, We will archive and make available for download Your Data for an additional 270 days. You are responsible for downloading Your Data from Our archives. After 360 days, we will remove Your Data from our archives and Your Data may be lost.

3.4. Our Personnel. We will be responsible for the performance of Our personnel (including Our employees and contractors) and their compliance with Our obligations under this Agreement, except as otherwise specified herein.

3.5. Beta Services. From time to time, We may make Beta Services available to You at no charge. You may choose to try such Beta Services or not in Your sole discretion. Beta Services are intended for evaluation purposes and not for production use, are not supported, and may be subject to additional terms. Beta Services are not considered “Services” under this Agreement, however, all restrictions, Our reservation of rights and Your obligations concerning the Services, and use of any related Non-NextLabs Applications and Content, shall apply equally to Your use of Beta Services. Unless otherwise stated, any Beta Services trial period will expire upon the earlier of one year from the trial start date or the date that a version of the Beta Services becomes generally available without the applicable Beta Services designation. We may discontinue Beta Services at any time in Our sole discretion and may never make them generally available. We will have no liability for any harm or damage arising out of or in connection with a Beta Service.

4. USE OF SERVICES AND CONTENT

4.1 Subscriptions. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Order Form or Documentation, (a) Services and access to Content are purchased as subscriptions, (b) subscriptions may be added during a subscription term at the same pricing as the underlying subscription pricing, prorated for the portion of that subscription term remaining at the time the subscriptions are added, and (c) any added subscriptions will terminate on the same date as the underlying subscriptions. Because fees are based on monthly units, fees for Subscription Licenses purchased in the middle of a monthly period will be charged for that monthly period in full and going forward based on the number of monthly periods remaining in the subscription term.

4.2 Usage Limits. Services and Content are subject to usage limits, including, for example, the quantities specified in Order Forms and Documentation. If You exceed a contractual usage limit, We may work with You to seek to reduce Your usage so that it conforms to that limit. If, notwithstanding Our efforts, You are unable or unwilling to abide by a contractual usage limit, You will execute an Order Form for additional quantities of the applicable Services or Content promptly upon Our request, and/or pay any invoice for excess usage in accordance with Section 6.2 (Invoicing and Payment).

4.3 Your Responsibilities. You will (a) be responsible for Users’ compliance with this Agreement, Documentation and Order Forms, (b) be responsible for the accuracy, quality and legality of Your Data and the means by which You acquired Your Data, (c) use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent unauthorized access to or use of Services and Content, and notify Us promptly of any such unauthorized access or use, (d) use Services and Content only in accordance with this Agreement, Documentation, Order Forms and applicable laws and government regulations, and (e) comply with terms of service of any Non-NextLabs Applications with which You use Services or Content.

4.4 Usage Restrictions. You will not (a) make any Service or Content available to, or use any Service or Content for the benefit of, anyone other than You or Users, unless expressly stated otherwise in an Order Form or the Documentation, (b) sell, resell, license, sublicense, distribute, make available, rent or lease any Service or Content, or include any Service or Content in a service bureau or outsourcing offering, (c) use a Service or Non-NextLabs Application to store or transmit infringing, libelous, or otherwise unlawful or tortious material, or to store or transmit material in violation of third-party privacy rights, (d) use a Service or Non-NextLabs Application to store or transmit Malicious Code, (e) interfere with or disrupt the integrity or performance of any Service or third-party data contained therein, (f) attempt to gain unauthorized access to any Service or Content or its related systems or networks, (g) permit direct or indirect access to or use of any Service or Content in a way that circumvents a contractual usage limit, or use any of Our Services to access or use any of Our intellectual property except as permitted under this Agreement, an Order Form, or the Documentation, (h) copy a Service or any part, feature, function or user interface thereof, (i) copy Content except as permitted herein or in an Order Form or the Documentation, (j) frame or mirror any part of any Service or Content, other than framing on Your own intranets or otherwise for Your own internal business purposes or as permitted in the Documentation, (k) access any Service or Content in order to build a competitive product or service or to benchmark with a Non-NextLabs product or service, or (l) reverse engineer any Service (to the extent such restriction is permitted by law). Any use of the Services in breach of this Agreement, Documentation or Order Forms, by You or Users that in Our judgment threatens the security, integrity or availability of Our services, may result in Our immediate suspension of the Services, however We will use commercially reasonable efforts under the circumstances to provide You with notice and an opportunity to remedy such violation or threat prior to such suspension.

4.5 Removal of Content and Non-NextLabs Applications. If We are required by a licensor to remove Content, or receive information that Content provided to You may violate applicable law or third-party rights, We may so notify You and in such event You will promptly remove such Content from Your systems. If We receive information that a Non-NextLabs Application hosted on a Service by You may violate Our External-Facing Services or applicable law or third-party rights, We may so notify You and in such event You will promptly disable such Non-NextLabs Application or modify the Non-NextLabs Application to resolve the potential violation. If You do not take required action in accordance with the above, We may disable the applicable Content, Service and/or Non-NextLabs Application until the potential violation is resolved.

5. NON-NEXTLABS PROVIDERS

5.1. We or third parties may make available third-party products or services, including, for example, Non-NextLabs Applications and implementation and other consulting services. Any acquisition by You of such products or services, and any exchange of data between You and any Non-NextLabs provider, product or service is solely between You and the applicable Non-NextLabs provider. We do not warrant or support Non- NextLabs Applications or other Non-NextLabs products or services, whether or not they are designated by Us as “certified” or otherwise, unless expressly provided otherwise in an Order Form.

6. FEES AND PAYMENT FOR PURCHASED SERVICES

6.1. Fees. You will pay all fees specified in Order Forms. Except as otherwise specified herein or in an Order Form, (i) fees are based on Services and Content subscriptions purchased and not actual usage, (ii) payment obligations are non-cancelable and fees paid are non-refundable, and (iii) quantities purchased cannot be decreased during the relevant subscription term.

6.2. Invoicing and Payment. You will provide Us with valid and updated credit card information, or with a valid purchase order or alternative document reasonably acceptable to Us. If You provide credit card information to Us, You authorize Us to charge such credit card for all Purchased Services listed in the Order Form for the initial subscription term and any renewal subscription term(s) as set forth in Section 12.2 (Term of Purchased Subscriptions). Such charges shall be made in advance, either annually or in accordance with any different billing frequency stated in the applicable Order Form. If the Order Form specifies that payment will be by a method other than a credit card, We will invoice You in advance and otherwise in accordance with the relevant Order Form. Unless otherwise stated in the Order Form, invoiced charges are due net 30 days from the invoice date. You are responsible for providing complete and accurate billing and contact information to Us and notifying Us of any changes to such information.

6.3. Overdue Charges. If any invoiced amount is not received by Us by the due date, then without limiting Our rights or remedies, (a) those charges may accrue late interest at the rate of 1.5% of the outstanding balance per month, or the maximum rate permitted by law, whichever is lower, and/or (b) We may condition future subscription renewals and Order Forms on payment terms shorter than those specified in Section 6.2 (Invoicing and Payment).

6.4. Suspension of Service and Acceleration. If any amount owing by You under this or any other agreement for Our services is 30 or more days overdue (or 10 or more days overdue in the case of amounts You have authorized Us to charge to Your credit card), We may, without limiting Our other rights and remedies, accelerate Your unpaid fee obligations under such agreements so that all such obligations become immediately due and payable, and suspend Our services to You until such amounts are paid in full. Other than for customers paying by credit card or direct debit whose payment has been declined, We will give You at least 10 days’ prior notice that Your account is overdue, in accordance with Section 13.2 (Manner of Giving Notice) for billing notices, before suspending services to You.

6.5. Payment Disputes. We will not exercise Our rights under Section 6.3 (Overdue Charges) or 6.4 (Suspension of Service and Acceleration) above if You are disputing the applicable charges reasonably and in good faith and are cooperating diligently to resolve the dispute. You must notify us in writing if you dispute any portion of any fees paid or payable by you under this Agreement. You must provide that written notice to us within sixty (60) days of the applicable charge and we will work together with you to resolve the applicable dispute promptly. If you do not provide us with this written notice of your fee dispute within this 60 day period, you will not be entitled to dispute any fees paid or payable by you.

6.6. Taxes. Our fees do not include any taxes, levies, duties or similar governmental assessments of any nature, including, for example, value-added, sales, use or withholding taxes, assessable by any jurisdiction whatsoever (collectively, “Taxes”). You are responsible for paying all Taxes associated with Your purchases hereunder. If We have the legal obligation to pay or collect Taxes for which You are responsible under this Section 6.6, We will invoice You and You will pay that amount unless You provide Us with a valid tax exemption certificate authorized by the appropriate taxing authority. For clarity, We are solely responsible for taxes assessable against Us based on Our income, property and employees.

6.7. Future Functionality. You agree that Your purchases are not contingent on the delivery of any future functionality or features, or dependent on any oral or written public comments made by Us regarding future functionality or features.

7. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS AND LICENSES

7.1. Reservation of Rights. Subject to the limited rights expressly granted hereunder, We and Our licensors and Content Providers reserve all of Our/their right, title and interest in and to the Services and Content, including all of Our/their related intellectual property rights. No rights are granted to You hereunder other than as expressly set forth herein.

7.2. Access to and Use of Content. You have the right to access and use applicable Content subject to the terms of applicable Order Forms, this Agreement and the Documentation.

7.3. License to Host Your Data and Applications. You grant Us, Our Affiliates and applicable contractors a worldwide, limited-term license to, as reasonably necessary for Us to provide the Services in accordance with this Agreement i) host, copy, transmit and display Your Data, created by or for You using a Service or for use by You with the Services, and (ii) if and to the extent agreed by Us in the Order Form, host, copy, transmit and display Non-NextLabs Applications’ program code or code created specifically by or for You using a Service or for use by You with the Services. Subject to the limited licenses granted herein, We acquire no right, title or interest from You or Your licensors under this Agreement in or to any of Your Data, Non-NextLabs Application or such program code.

7.4. License to Use Feedback. You grant to Us and Our Affiliates a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free license to use and incorporate into Our and/or Our Affiliates’ services any suggestion, enhancement request, recommendation, correction or other feedback provided by You or Users relating to the operation of Our or Our Affiliates’ services.

7.5. Federal Government End Use Provisions. We provide the Services, including related software and technology, for ultimate federal government end use solely in accordance with the following: Government technical data and software rights related to the Services include only those rights customarily provided to the public as defined in this Agreement. This customary commercial license is provided in accordance with FAR 12.211 (Technical Data) and FAR 12.212 (Software) and, for Department of Defense transactions, DFAR 252.227-7015 (Technical Data – Commercial Items) and DFAR 227.7202-3 (Rights in Commercial Computer Software or Computer Software Documentation). If a government agency has a need for rights not granted under these terms, it must negotiate with Us to determine if there are acceptable terms for granting those rights, and a mutually acceptable written addendum specifically granting those rights must be included in any applicable agreement.

8. CONFIDENTIALITY

8.1. Definition of Confidential Information. “Confidential Information” means all information disclosed by a party (“Disclosing Party”) to the other party (“Receiving Party”), whether orally or in writing, that is designated as confidential or that reasonably should be understood to be confidential given the nature of the information and the circumstances of disclosure. Your Confidential Information includes Your Data; Our Confidential Information includes the Services and Content; and Confidential Information of each party includes the terms and conditions of this Agreement and all Order Forms (including pricing), as well as business and marketing plans, technology and technical information, product plans and designs, and business processes disclosed by such party. However, Confidential Information does not include any information that (i) is or becomes generally known to the public without breach of any obligation owed to the Disclosing Party, (ii) was known to the Receiving Party prior to its disclosure by the Disclosing Party without breach of any obligation owed to the Disclosing Party, (iii) is received from a third party without breach of any obligation owed to the Disclosing Party, or (iv) was independently developed by the Receiving Party.

8.2. The Receiving Party will use the same degree of care that it uses to protect the confidentiality of its own confidential information of like kind (but not less than reasonable care) to (i) not use any Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party for any purpose outside the scope of this Agreement and (ii) except as otherwise authorized by the Disclosing Party in writing, limit access to Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party to those of its and its Affiliates’ employees and contractors who need that access for purposes consistent with this Agreement and who have signed confidentiality agreements with the Receiving Party containing protections not materially less protective of the Confidential Information than those herein. Neither party will disclose the terms of this Agreement or any Order Form to any third party other than its Affiliates, legal counsel and accountants without the other party’s prior written consent, provided that a party that makes any such disclosure to its Affiliate, legal counsel or accountants will remain responsible for such Affiliate’s, legal counsel’s or accountant’s compliance with this “Confidentiality” section. Notwithstanding the foregoing, We may disclose the terms of this Agreement and any applicable Order Form to a subcontractor or Non-NextLabs Application Provider to the extent necessary to perform Our obligations to You under this Agreement, under terms of confidentiality materially as protective as set forth herein.

8.3. Compelled Disclosure. The Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party to the extent compelled by law to do so, provided the Receiving Party gives the Disclosing Party prior notice of the compelled disclosure (to the extent legally permitted) and reasonable assistance, at the Disclosing Party’s cost, if the Disclosing Party wishes to contest the disclosure. If the Receiving Party is compelled by law to disclose the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information as part of a civil proceeding to which the Disclosing Party is a party, and the Disclosing Party is not contesting the disclosure, the Disclosing Party will reimburse the Receiving Party for its reasonable cost of compiling and providing secure access to that Confidential Information.

9. REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES AND DISCLAIMERS

9.1. Representations. Each party represents that it has validly entered into this Agreement and has the legal power to do so.

9.2. Our Warranties. We warrant that during an applicable subscription term (a) this Agreement, the Order Forms and the Documentation will accurately describe the applicable administrative, physical, and technical safeguards for protection of the security, confidentiality and integrity of Your Data, (b) We will not materially decrease the overall security of the Services, (c) the Services will perform materially in accordance with the applicable Documentation, and (d) We will not materially decrease the overall functionality of the Services. For any breach of a warranty above, Your exclusive remedies are those described in the “Termination” and “Refund or Payment upon Termination” sections below.

9.3. Disclaimers. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED HEREIN, NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, AND EACH PARTY SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. CONTENT AND BETA SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” EXCLUSIVE OF ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER. EACH PARTY DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS FOR ANY HARM OR DAMAGES CAUSED BY ANY THIRD-PARTY HOSTING PROVIDERS.

10. MUTUAL INDEMNIFICATION

10.1. Indemnification by Us. We will defend You against any claim, demand, suit or proceeding made or brought against You by a third party alleging that any Service infringes or misappropriates such third party’s intellectual property rights (a “Claim Against You”), and will indemnify You from any damages, attorney fees and costs finally awarded against You as a result of, or for amounts paid by You under a settlement approved by Us in writing of, a Claim Against You, provided You (a) promptly give Us written notice of the Claim Against You, (b) give Us sole control of the defense and settlement of the Claim Against You (except that We may not settle any Claim Against You unless it unconditionally releases You of all liability), and (c) give Us all reasonable assistance, at Our expense. If We receive information about an infringement or misappropriation claim related to a Service, We may in Our discretion and at no cost to You (i) modify the Services so that they are no longer claimed to infringe or misappropriate, without breaching Our warranties under “NextLabs Warranties” above, (ii) obtain a license for Your continued use of that Service in accordance with this Agreement, or (iii) terminate Your subscriptions for that Service upon 30 days’ written notice and refund You any prepaid fees covering the remainder of the term of the terminated subscriptions. The above defense and indemnification obligations do not apply to the extent a Claim Against You arises from Content, a Non-NextLabs Application or Your use of the Services in violation of this Agreement, the Documentation or applicable Order Forms.

10.2. Indemnification by You. You will defend Us against any claim, demand, suit or proceeding made or brought against Us by a third party alleging that any of Your Data infringes or misappropriates such third party’s intellectual property rights, or arising from Your use of the Services or Content in violation of the Agreement, the Documentation, Order Form or applicable law (each a “Claim Against Us”), and You will indemnify Us from any damages, attorney fees and costs finally awarded against Us as a result of, or for any amounts paid by Us under a settlement approved by You in writing of, a Claim Against Us, provided We (a) promptly give You written notice of the Claim Against Us, (b) give You sole control of the defense and settlement of the Claim Against Us (except that You may not settle any Claim Against Us unless it unconditionally releases Us of all liability), and (c) give You all reasonable assistance, at Your expense.

10.3. Exclusive Remedy. This Section 10 states the indemnifying party’s sole liability to, and the indemnified party’s exclusive remedy against, the other party for any type of claim described in this Section 10.

11. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

11.1. Limitation of Liability. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF EACH PARTY TOGETHER WITH ALL OF ITS AFFILIATES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT PAID BY YOU AND YOUR AFFILIATES HEREUNDER FOR THE SERVICES GIVING RISE TO THE LIABILITY IN THE TWELVE MONTHS PRECEDING THE FIRST INCIDENT OUT OF WHICH THE LIABILITY AROSE. THE FOREGOING LIMITATION WILL APPLY WHETHER AN ACTION IS IN CONTRACT OR TORT AND REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY, BUT WILL NOT LIMIT YOUR AND YOUR AFFILIATES’ PAYMENT OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE “FEES AND PAYMENT” SECTION ABOVE.

11.2. Exclusion of Consequential and Related Damages. IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY OR ITS AFFILIATES HAVE ANY LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, REVENUES, GOODWILL, OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, COVER, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, WHETHER AN ACTION IS IN CONTRACT OR TORT AND REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY, EVEN IF A PARTY OR ITS AFFILIATES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR IF A PARTY’S OR ITS AFFILIATES’ REMEDY OTHERWISE FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. THE FOREGOING DISCLAIMER WILL NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY LAW.

12. TERM AND TERMINATION

12.1 Term of Agreement. This Agreement commences on the date You first accept it and continues until all subscriptions hereunder have expired or have been terminated.

12.2. Term of Purchased Subscriptions. The term of each subscription shall be as specified in the applicable Order Form. Except as otherwise specified in an Order Form, subscriptions will automatically renew for additional periods equal to the expiring subscription term or one year (whichever is shorter), unless either party gives the other notice of non-renewal at least 30 days before the end of the relevant subscription term. Except as expressly provided in the applicable Order Form, renewal of promotional or one-time priced subscriptions will be at Our applicable list price in effect at the time of the applicable renewal. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, any renewal in which subscription volume for any Services has decreased from the prior term will result in re-pricing at renewal without regard to the prior term’s per-unit pricing.

12.3. Termination. A party may terminate this Agreement for cause (i) upon 30 days written notice to the other party of a material breach if such breach remains uncured at the expiration of such period, or (ii) if the other party becomes the subject of a petition in bankruptcy or any other proceeding relating to insolvency, receivership, liquidation or assignment for the benefit of creditors.

12.4. Refund or Payment upon Termination. If this Agreement is terminated by You in accordance with Section 12.3 (Termination), We will refund You any prepaid fees covering the remainder of the term of all Order Forms after the effective date of termination. If this Agreement is terminated by Us in accordance with Section 12.3, You will pay any unpaid fees covering the remainder of the term of all Order Forms. In no event will termination relieve You of Your obligation to pay any fees payable to Us for the period prior to the effective date of termination.

12.5. Your Data Portability and Deletion. Upon request by You made within 30 days after the effective date of termination or expiration of this Agreement or as set forth in the applicable Order Form, We will make Your Data available to You for export or download as provided in the Documentation. After such period, We will have no obligation to maintain or provide any Your Data, and as provided in the Documentation will thereafter delete or destroy all copies of Your Data in Our systems or otherwise in Our possession or control, unless legally prohibited.

12.6. Surviving Provisions. The sections titled “Fees and Payment,” “Proprietary Rights and Licenses,” “Confidentiality,” “Disclaimers,” “Mutual Indemnification,” “Limitation of Liability,” “Refund or Payment upon Termination,” “Customer Data Portability and Deletion,” “Removal of Content and Non-NextLabs Applications,” “Surviving Provisions” and “General Provisions” will survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement.

13. NOTICES, GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION

13.1. Manner of Giving Notice. Except as otherwise specified in this Agreement, all notices related to this Agreement will be in writing and will be effective upon (a) personal delivery, (b) the second business day after mailing, or (c), except for notices of termination or an indemnifiable claim (“Legal Notices”), which shall clearly be identifiable as Legal Notices, the day of sending by email. Billing-related notices to You will be addressed to the relevant billing contact designated by You. All other notices to You will be addressed to the relevant Services system administrator designated by You.

13.2. Agreement to Governing Law and Jurisdiction. These Terms will be governed by and interpreted according to the laws of the State of California without regard to conflicts of laws and principles that would cause laws of another jurisdiction to apply. These Terms will not be governed by the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods. Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or related to these Terms or our Services shall be instituted in either the state or federal courts of San Mateo, California, and we each consent to the personal jurisdiction of these courts.

13.3. No Agency. For the avoidance of doubt, We are entering into this Agreement as principal and not as agent for any other NextLabs, Inc. company. Subject to any permitted Assignment under Section 14.4, the obligations owed by Us under this Agreement shall be owed to You solely by Us and the obligations owed by You under this Agreement shall be owed solely to Us.

14. GENERAL PROVISIONS

14.1. Export Compliance. The Services, Content, other technology We make available, and derivatives thereof may be subject to export laws and regulations of the United States and other jurisdictions. Each party represents that it is not named on any U.S. government denied-party list. You shall not permit Users to access or use any Service or Content in a U.S. embargoed country (currently Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan, Syria or Crimea) or in violation of any U.S. export law or regulation.

14.2. Anti-Corruption. You agree that You have not received or been offered any illegal or improper bribe, kickback, payment, gift, or thing of value from any of Our employees or agents in connection with this Agreement. Reasonable gifts and entertainment provided in the ordinary course of business do not violate the above restriction. If You learn of any violation of the above restriction, You will use reasonable efforts to promptly notify Our Legal Department at legal@nextlabs.com.

14.3 Entire Agreement and Order of Precedence. This Agreement is the entire agreement between You and Us regarding Your use of Services and Content and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, proposals or representations, written or oral, concerning its subject matter. Except as otherwise provided herein, no modification, amendment, or waiver of any provision of this Agreement will be effective unless in writing and signed by the party against whom the modification, amendment or waiver is to be asserted. The parties agree that any term or condition stated in Your purchase order or in any other of Your order documentation (excluding Order Forms) is void. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency among the following documents, the order of precedence shall be: (1) the applicable Order Form, (2) this Agreement, and (3) the Documentation.

14.4. Assignment. Neither party may assign any of its rights or obligations hereunder, whether by operation of law or otherwise, without the other party’s prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld); provided, however, either party may assign this Agreement in its entirety (together with all Order Forms), without the other party’s consent to its Affiliate or in connection with a merger, acquisition, corporate reorganization, or sale of all or substantially all of its assets. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement will bind and inure to the benefit of the parties, their respective successors and permitted assigns.

14.5. Relationship of the Parties. The parties are independent contractors. This Agreement does not create a partnership, franchise, joint venture, agency, fiduciary or employment relationship between the parties.

14.6. Third-Party Beneficiaries. There are no third-party beneficiaries under this Agreement.

14.7. Waiver. No failure or delay by either party in exercising any right under this Agreement will constitute a waiver of that right.

14.8. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be contrary to law, the provision will be deemed null and void, and the remaining provisions of this Agreement will remain in effect.